README.md, before:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `geine`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->

<p align="center"> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62349836-882fef80-b51e-11e9-99e3-7b974309c7e3.png" width="100" height="100"></p>


<h1 align="center">
    Terraform AWS Iam User
</h1>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
    Terraform module to create Iam user resource on AWS.
     </p>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.terraform.io">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-v0.12-green" alt="Terraform">
</a>
<a href="LICENSE.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" alt="Licence">
</a>


</p>
<p align="center">

<a href='https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on Facebook" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817743-4f64cb80-bb59-11e9-90c7-b057252ded50.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Terraform+AWS+Iam+User&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817742-4e339e80-bb59-11e9-87b9-a1f68cae1049.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Terraform+AWS+Iam+User&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on Twitter" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817740-4c69db00-bb59-11e9-8a79-3580fbbf6d5c.png" />
</a>

</p>
<hr>


We eat, drink, sleep and most importantly love **DevOps**. We are working towards strategies for standardizing architecture while ensuring security for the infrastructure. We are strong believer of the philosophy <b>Bigger problems are always solved by breaking them into smaller manageable problems</b>. Resonating with microservices architecture, it is considered best-practice to run database, cluster, storage in smaller <b>connected yet manageable pieces</b> within the infrastructure.

This module is basically combination of [Terraform open source](https://www.terraform.io/) and includes automatation tests and examples. It also helps to create and improve your infrastructure with minimalistic code instead of maintaining the whole infrastructure code yourself.

We have [*fifty plus terraform modules*][terraform_modules]. A few of them are comepleted and are available for open source usage while a few others are in progress.




## Prerequisites

This module has a few dependencies:

- [Terraform 0.12](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install.html)
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- [github.com/stretchr/testify/assert](https://github.com/stretchr/testify)
- [github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest)







## Examples


**IMPORTANT:** Since the `master` branch used in `source` varies based on new modifications, we suggest that you use the release versions [here](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user/releases).


### Simple example
Here is an example of how you can use this module in your inventory structure:
```hcl
  module "iam-user" {
    source             = "git::https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user.git?ref=tags/0.12.2"
    name               = "iam-user"
    application        = "clouddrove"
    environment        = "test"
    label_order        = ["environment", "name", "application"]
    policy_enabled     = true
    policy             = data.aws_iam_policy_document.default.json
  }

  data "aws_iam_policy_document" "default" {
    statement {
      actions = [
        "ec2:Describe*"
      ]
      effect    = "Allow"
      resources = ["*"]
    }
  }
```






## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| application | Application \(e.g. `cd` or `clouddrove`\). | string | `""` | no |
| attributes | Additional attributes \(e.g. `1`\). | list | `<list>` | no |
| delimiter | Delimiter to be used between `organization`, `environment`, `name` and `attributes`. | string | `"-"` | no |
| enabled | Whether to create Iam user. | bool | `"true"` | no |
| environment | Environment \(e.g. `prod`, `dev`, `staging`\). | string | `""` | no |
| force\_destroy | When destroying this user, destroy even if it has non-Terraform-managed IAM access keys, login profile or MFA devices. Without force\_destroy a user with non-Terraform-managed access keys and login profile will fail to be destroyed. | bool | `"false"` | no |
| label\_order | Label order, e.g. `name`,`application`. | list | `<list>` | no |
| managedby | ManagedBy, eg 'CloudDrove' or 'AnmolNagpal'. | string | `"anmol@clouddrove.com"` | no |
| name | Name  \(e.g. `app` or `cluster`\). | string | `""` | no |
| path | The path to the role. | string | `"/"` | no |
| permissions\_boundary | The ARN of the policy that is used to set the permissions boundary for the role. | string | `""` | no |
| pgp\_key | Either a base-64 encoded PGP public key, or a keybase username in the form keybase:some\_person\_that\_exists. | string | `""` | no |
| policy | The policy document. | string | `""` | no |
| policy\_arn | The ARN of the policy you want to apply. | string | `""` | no |
| policy\_enabled | Whether to Attach Iam policy with user. | bool | `"false"` | no |
| status | The access key status to apply. Defaults to Active. Valid values are Active and Inactive. | string | `"Active"` | no |
| tags | Additional tags \(e.g. map\(`BusinessUnit`,`XYZ`\). | map | `<map>` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| arn | The ARN assigned by AWS for this user. |
| key\_id | The access key ID. |
| secret | The secret access key. Note that this will be written to the state file. Please supply a pgp\_key instead, which will prevent the secret from being stored in plain text. |
| tags | A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. |




## Testing
In this module testing is performed with [terratest](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest) and it creates a small piece of infrastructure, matches the output like ARN, ID and Tags name etc and destroy infrastructure in your AWS account. This testing is written in GO, so you need a [GO environment](https://golang.org/doc/install) in your system.

You need to run the following command in the testing folder:
```hcl
  go test -run Test
```



## Feedback
If you come accross a bug or have any feedback, please log it in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user/issues), or feel free to drop us an email at [hello@clouddrove.com](mailto:hello@clouddrove.com).

If you have found it worth your time, go ahead and give us a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user)!

## About us

At [CloudDrove][website], we offer expert guidance, implementation support and services to help organisations accelerate their journey to the cloud. Our services include docker and container orchestration, cloud migration and adoption, infrastructure automation, application modernisation and remediation, and performance engineering.

<p align="center">We are <b> The Cloud Experts!</b></p>
<hr />
<p align="center">We ❤️  <a href="https://github.com/clouddrove">Open Source</a> and you can check out <a href="https://github.com/clouddrove">our other modules</a> to get help with your new Cloud ideas.</p>

  [website]: https://clouddrove.com
  [github]: https://github.com/clouddrove
  [linkedin]: https://cpco.io/linkedin
  [twitter]: https://twitter.com/clouddrove/
  [email]: https://clouddrove.com/contact-us.html
  [terraform_modules]: https://github.com/clouddrove?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=terraform-&type=&language=

Commit message:

Add unique_id to the outputs

README.md, after:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `geine`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->

<p align="center"> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62349836-882fef80-b51e-11e9-99e3-7b974309c7e3.png" width="100" height="100"></p>


<h1 align="center">
    Terraform AWS Iam User
</h1>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
    Terraform module to create Iam user resource on AWS.
     </p>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.terraform.io">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-v0.12-green" alt="Terraform">
</a>
<a href="LICENSE.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" alt="Licence">
</a>


</p>
<p align="center">

<a href='https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on Facebook" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817743-4f64cb80-bb59-11e9-90c7-b057252ded50.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Terraform+AWS+Iam+User&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817742-4e339e80-bb59-11e9-87b9-a1f68cae1049.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Terraform+AWS+Iam+User&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user'>
  <img title="Share on Twitter" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817740-4c69db00-bb59-11e9-8a79-3580fbbf6d5c.png" />
</a>

</p>
<hr>


We eat, drink, sleep and most importantly love **DevOps**. We are working towards strategies for standardizing architecture while ensuring security for the infrastructure. We are strong believer of the philosophy <b>Bigger problems are always solved by breaking them into smaller manageable problems</b>. Resonating with microservices architecture, it is considered best-practice to run database, cluster, storage in smaller <b>connected yet manageable pieces</b> within the infrastructure.

This module is basically combination of [Terraform open source](https://www.terraform.io/) and includes automatation tests and examples. It also helps to create and improve your infrastructure with minimalistic code instead of maintaining the whole infrastructure code yourself.

We have [*fifty plus terraform modules*][terraform_modules]. A few of them are comepleted and are available for open source usage while a few others are in progress.




## Prerequisites

This module has a few dependencies:

- [Terraform 0.12](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install.html)
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- [github.com/stretchr/testify/assert](https://github.com/stretchr/testify)
- [github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest/modules/terraform](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest)







## Examples


**IMPORTANT:** Since the `master` branch used in `source` varies based on new modifications, we suggest that you use the release versions [here](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user/releases).


### Simple example
Here is an example of how you can use this module in your inventory structure:
```hcl
  module "iam-user" {
    source             = "git::https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user.git?ref=tags/0.12.2"
    name               = "iam-user"
    application        = "clouddrove"
    environment        = "test"
    label_order        = ["environment", "name", "application"]
    policy_enabled     = true
    policy             = data.aws_iam_policy_document.default.json
  }

  data "aws_iam_policy_document" "default" {
    statement {
      actions = [
        "ec2:Describe*"
      ]
      effect    = "Allow"
      resources = ["*"]
    }
  }
```






## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| application | Application \(e.g. `cd` or `clouddrove`\). | string | `""` | no |
| attributes | Additional attributes \(e.g. `1`\). | list | `<list>` | no |
| delimiter | Delimiter to be used between `organization`, `environment`, `name` and `attributes`. | string | `"-"` | no |
| enabled | Whether to create Iam user. | bool | `"true"` | no |
| environment | Environment \(e.g. `prod`, `dev`, `staging`\). | string | `""` | no |
| force\_destroy | When destroying this user, destroy even if it has non-Terraform-managed IAM access keys, login profile or MFA devices. Without force\_destroy a user with non-Terraform-managed access keys and login profile will fail to be destroyed. | bool | `"false"` | no |
| label\_order | Label order, e.g. `name`,`application`. | list | `<list>` | no |
| managedby | ManagedBy, eg 'CloudDrove' or 'AnmolNagpal'. | string | `"anmol@clouddrove.com"` | no |
| name | Name  \(e.g. `app` or `cluster`\). | string | `""` | no |
| path | The path to the role. | string | `"/"` | no |
| permissions\_boundary | The ARN of the policy that is used to set the permissions boundary for the role. | string | `""` | no |
| pgp\_key | Either a base-64 encoded PGP public key, or a keybase username in the form keybase:some\_person\_that\_exists. | string | `""` | no |
| policy | The policy document. | string | `""` | no |
| policy\_arn | The ARN of the policy you want to apply. | string | `""` | no |
| policy\_enabled | Whether to Attach Iam policy with user. | bool | `"false"` | no |
| status | The access key status to apply. Defaults to Active. Valid values are Active and Inactive. | string | `"Active"` | no |
| tags | Additional tags \(e.g. map\(`BusinessUnit`,`XYZ`\). | map | `<map>` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| arn | The ARN assigned by AWS for this user. |
| unique\_id | The unique ID assigned by AWS for this user. |
| key\_id | The access key ID. |
| secret | The secret access key. Note that this will be written to the state file. Please supply a pgp\_key instead, which will prevent the secret from being stored in plain text. |
| tags | A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. |




## Testing
In this module testing is performed with [terratest](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/terratest) and it creates a small piece of infrastructure, matches the output like ARN, ID and Tags name etc and destroy infrastructure in your AWS account. This testing is written in GO, so you need a [GO environment](https://golang.org/doc/install) in your system.

You need to run the following command in the testing folder:
```hcl
  go test -run Test
```



## Feedback
If you come accross a bug or have any feedback, please log it in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user/issues), or feel free to drop us an email at [hello@clouddrove.com](mailto:hello@clouddrove.com).

If you have found it worth your time, go ahead and give us a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-aws-iam-user)!

## About us

At [CloudDrove][website], we offer expert guidance, implementation support and services to help organisations accelerate their journey to the cloud. Our services include docker and container orchestration, cloud migration and adoption, infrastructure automation, application modernisation and remediation, and performance engineering.

<p align="center">We are <b> The Cloud Experts!</b></p>
<hr />
<p align="center">We ❤️  <a href="https://github.com/clouddrove">Open Source</a> and you can check out <a href="https://github.com/clouddrove">our other modules</a> to get help with your new Cloud ideas.</p>

  [website]: https://clouddrove.com
  [github]: https://github.com/clouddrove
  [linkedin]: https://cpco.io/linkedin
  [twitter]: https://twitter.com/clouddrove/
  [email]: https://clouddrove.com/contact-us.html
  [terraform_modules]: https://github.com/clouddrove?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=terraform-&type=&language=
